Narrator: PREVIOUSLY
ON YU-GI-OH...
Yugi: WE GOTTA GET
GOING GUYS.
THE BIG FIVE MAY
HAVE TRISTAN'S BODY,
BUT HIS MIND'S GOT TO BE
AROUND HERE SOMEWHERE!
Tristan:
WHOA, WHERE AM I?
OH NO!
THEY MADE A MONKEY
OUT OF ME!!!!
I AM GOZABURO'S
ONE TRUE SON.
NOT QUITE WHAT YOU WERE
EXPECTING IS IT SETO?
YOU AND I BEING
STEP-BROTHERS?
NOAH'S STORY
IS NOTHING
BUT ONE BIG LIE
DESIGNED TO MESS
WITH MY HEAD YUGI!
THE SUPPOSED
CONVERSATION HE HAD
WITH GOZABURO
WOULD HAVE HAPPENED
OVER SIX YEARS AGO,
WHICH IS WHEN THIS
WAS TAKEN
BASED ON THE
IMPRINTED DATE.
BUT LOOK CLOSELY.
NOAH LOOKS THE SAME
AS HE DOES NOW!
HE HASN'T AGED
IN SIX YEARS!?
YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE.
♪ YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH IS KING OF GAME ♪
IT'S TIME TO D-D-D-DUEL!
YOU FOUR ARE
ABSOLUTELY PATHETIC!
YOU LOST YOUR DUELS,
SO YOU DECIDED TO JUST TAKE
WHAT YOU WANTED BY FORCE.
WHICH IS SOMETHING
I WON'T TOLERATE!
IS THAT CLEAR!?
I HIRED YOU FOOLS
TO DUEL FOR ME...
SO BY LOSING AND THEN CHEATING
YOU MAKE ME LOOK WEAK!
LET US EXPLAIN...
PLEASE...SIR!
WE UNDERSTAND
THAT YOU HAVE LAWS
BUT WE MUST ESCAPE
FROM THIS PLACE!
AND TO DO THAT
WE NEED BODIES!
YOU ALREADY HAVE
ONE.
THAT TRISTAN KID!
ONE WON'T DO!
SIR...WE NEED FIVE
BODIES SO WE CAN
ALL ESCAPE!
GREETINGS.
I JUST CAME
TO SAY FAREWELL
BEFORE I GO.
NOW THAT I HAVE
A BODY OF MY OWN
I'M READY TO ESCAPE
TO THE REAL WORLD!
NESBITT!
TECHNICALLY,
MY ROBOTS AND I
ARE THE ONLY ONES
THAT WON A DUEL!
SO TRISTAN'S BODY
BELONGS TO ME NOW!
A DEAL'S A DEAL,
RIGHT GENTLEMEN!?
YOU LOST THAT DUEL!
CRUMP IS RIGHT, THOSE
KIDS DEFEATED YOU
NESBITT!
THEREFORE THAT BODY
ISN'T YOUR PROPERTY!
YOU'RE GUILTY OF SEIZING
CONTROL OF SOMEBODY ELSE'S
PERSONAL POSSESSION!
NOT QUITE!
I'M THE ONE CALLING
ALL THE SHOTS HERE
SO I'LL DECIDE
WHAT'S WRONG
AND RIGHT!
SO CAN I GO!?
NOT YET...
I HAVE A MUCH
BETTER IDEA...
SO LISTEN UP!
Men: HUH?
ALL FIVE OF YOU WILL SHARE
TRISTAN'S BODY IN A DUEL
AGAINST SETO'S STRONGEST
RIVAL, YUGI MUTO!
DEFEAT HIM AND I'LL
PROVE ONCE AND FOR ALL
THAT I DESERVE CONTROL
OF SETO'S EMPIRE!
AND YOU'LL GET FIVE BODIES!
WE WON'T FAIL YOU...
MASTER!
WE CAN'T.
THE ODDS OF US DISAPPOINTING
YOU ARE ZERO PERCENT.
THANK YOU SIR.
GOOD DAY.
[THINKING]
IT BETTER BE!
Yugi: SO, NOAH'S
YOUR STEP-BROTHER,
KAIBA?
THAT'S NONE OF
YOUR BUSINESS!
BUT IT DOES EXPLAIN
WHY NOAH BROUGHT US
ALL HERE!
YEAH HE WANTS TA PROVE
TA KAIBA'S STEP-DAD DAT
HE'S DA BETTA SON!
MM-HMM.
SO TO SHOW
HIS POWER,
NOAH TEAMED UP
WITH THE BIG FIVE
TO DEFEAT US!
AND HE'S HOLDING
MOKUBA CAPTIVE
TO WEAKEN KAIBA!
I'VE HEARD ENOUGH!
STOP RIGHT THERE!
WHAT'S THE PROBLEM?
GOING SOMEWHERE!?
IF SO THEN THAT'S
THE PROBLEM!
YOU GOT THAT KAIBA!?
JUST STEP ASIDE.
I ALREADY TOLD YOU GEEKS,
THIS IS FAMILY BUSINESS
AND IT DOESN'T CONCERN YOU!
SO MOVE IT!
THAT'S WHERE
YOU'RE WRONG, KAIBA!
JUST LET HIM GO, TEA!
HE'S NOT WORTH IT!
YOU MAY BE TOO
CONCERNED
WITH YOURSELF
TO REALIZE THIS,
BUT BECAUSE OF YOUR
"FAMILY BUSINESS"
WE'RE ALL TRAPPED
HERE!
DON'T YOU REALIZE
WE CAN HELP YOU
SAVE MOKUBA!
LOOK AT ME WHEN
I'M TALKING TO YOU!
MOKUBA IS OUR FRIEND
AND WE WANNA HELP
HIM!
WHY DON'T YOU WORRY
ABOUT HIM INSTEAD!
Yugi: LOOK GUYS!
UP THERE!
TRISTAN!
DAT'S NOT TRISTAN,
REMEMBER!?
IT'S THE TECHNO GEEK
OF THE BIG FIVE, NESBITT!
EVEN THOUGH WE KICKED HIS
NERDY BUTT IN THAT DUEL,
HE STILL TOOK
TRISTAN'S BODY!
[LAUGHTER]
I'M NOT ALONE IN HERE!
TODAY'S SPECIAL IS...
FIVE FOR ONE!
AND THE VERDICT...
IS IN!
OUR COMBINED FORCE
WILL DESTROY YOU!
THEY'RE ALL USING
TRISTAN'S BODY!
GIVE HIM BACK!
Crump: LISTEN, YUGI!
THERE'S ONLY ONE WAY
WE'LL RETURN YOUR FRIEND.
BUT BELIEVE ME JUNIOR,
THE ODDS ARE IN OUR FAVOR!
HEY THAT'S CRUMP!
SICKO!
ALL RIGHT, TELL US
WHAT WE HAVE TO DO
TO GET TRISTAN BACK
FROM YOUR CONTROL!
Leichter:
WHY, DUEL US!
WIN AND HE'S YOURS.
HOLD ON!
WHAT'S THIS ABOUT
RETURNING THE BODY!?
WE NEVER DISCUSSED THAT!
I'M THE ONE WHO WON
THIS BODY AND I WON'T
GIVE IT UP!
NESBITT!
IT BELONGS TO ALL
OF US NOW
AND THIS WAS A GROUP
DECISION!
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU TWO
ARE ACTUALLY ARGUING
AS IF WE'RE GOING
TO KEEP OUR WORD!
Crump: NOW...
LET'S DUEL YUGI!
YOU FIVE ARE ON!
YU-GI-OH!
LET'S DO THIS!
FOR TRISTAN!
HOLD IT RIGHT THERE!
YOUR MATH'S A LITTLE
OFF IF YOU GET MY
DRIFT!
FIVE ON ONE'S
UNEVEN!
SO COUNT ME IN!
ARE YOU SURE?
YEAH! NO QUESTION!
DA TWO OF US
ARE A TEAM, YUGI!
NOW, LET'S WASTE
THESE FIVE SUITS!
YES. AND TOGETHER
WE'LL SAVE TRISTAN!
Johnson: FINE, YUGI.
FIVE ON TWO!
THE PLAN WAS TO
DUEL YUGI ALONE!
DON'T YOU ALL
REALIZE THAT THAT
INFERIOR DUELIST
JOSEPH WHEELER WILL
ONLY HOLD YUGI BACK
MAKING THIS
AN OPEN AND SHUT
CASE FOR US!?
AS I RECALL THAT
"INFERIOR DUELIST"
DEFEATED YOU JOHNSON!
Johnson: JUST SIT
BACK AND OBSERVE
LEICHTER
BECAUSE I'M ABOUT
TO HIT THEM
WITH A LEGAL
TECHNICALITY!
Johnson: NOW, SINCE THIS
DUEL IS TWO BODIES
AGAINST ONE...
THE ONLY WAY FOR
JUSTICE TO BE SERVED
IS FOR US TO START WITH
EIGHT THOUSAND LIFE POINTS
WHILE YOU TWO BEGIN
WITH FOUR THOUSAND.
WIN AND YOU'LL BE
REUNITED WITH YOUR FRIEND.
LOSE AND YOU ALL
BELONG TO US!
Crump: ARE YOU TWO
READY TO LOSE!?
NO! 'CAUSE
YOU'RE FIGHTIN'
DA DREAM TEAM!
YOU FIVE ARE
GOIN' DOWN!
Gansley: LET'S GET
DOWN TO BUSINESS.
CHOOSE YOUR
VIRTUAL DECKS!
YOU'LL NEED ALL
THE HELP YOU CAN GET!
[THINKING]
HEY! MAI LOVES
THAT CARD!
ALRIGHT MY DEAR,
ENJOY YOUR TRIP
TO THE SHADOW REALM!
AAH!
AS SOON AS WE
GET OUTTA DIS
VIRTUAL DUMP,
I'M GONNA RESCUE
MAI.
BUT FOR NOW,
I'LL PICK HER
CYBER HARPIE
FOR GOOD LUCK!
NOW! IT'S TIME TO CHOOSE
YOUR DECK MASTER!
I CHOOSE THIS MONSTER--
DARK MAGICIAN!
AND I'LL TAKE
FLAME SWORDSMAN!
SINCE THERE'S FIVE OF US,
WE'RE GOING TO ROTATE
OUR DECK MASTER MONSTER!
SO WE'LL START WITH THIS...
MY DEEPSEA WARRIOR!
A STRONG INVESTMENT!
NOW STAND BACK!
I'LL BEGIN!
HA!
FIRST THINGS FIRST.
I'LL PLAAAAAAAAY
THIS MAGIC CARD!
"A LEGENDARY OCEAN!"
OH NO!
TIME TO FLOOD THE MARKET!
RUN GUYS!
AND NOW, I'LL SUMMON
THIS MONSTER...
THE LEGENDARY
FISHERMAN!
DATS DA CARD MAKO TSUNAMI
ALMOST BEAT ME WIT!
HEY! HOLD ON!
YOU HAVE TO
SACRIFICE
SOMETHIN' FIRST TO
PLAY DAT CARD!
IT'S TOO POWERFUL
TO SUMMON TO
THE FIELD
IN YOUR FIRST MOVE!
WITH HIS MAGIC CARD
HE CAN!
RIGHT.
IT'S ALL TRUE.
A LEGENDARY OCEAN CHANGES MY
FIVE-STAR MONSTERS TO FOUR!
I'M AFRAID THIS SIMPLE FACT
ALLOWS ME TO SUMMON THEM
DIRECTLY TO THE FIELD
WITHOUT SACRIFICING
ANOTHER MONSTER!
BE CAREFUL JOEY!
AS LONG AS THAT
CARD'S IN PLAY
HE'S AT A DANGEROUS
ADVANTAGE!
DON'T WORRY YUGI.
WE'LL DRY UP
HIS OCEAN IN NO TIME!
YOU'LL SINK LONG
BEFORE THAT!
YOU TAKE THE NEXT
MOVE JOEY.
AND REMEMBER THESE
CORPORATE TYCOONS
CAN'T BE TRUSTED!
FORGETTABOUTIT!
YOU AND I ARE GONNA
PUT DESE GUYS OUTTA
BUSINESS YUGI!
AND IT'S ALL GONNA
START RIGHT NOW!
WATCH DIS...
I SUMMON
ALLIGATOR'S SWORD!
IN DEFENSE MODE!
DAT'S ALL FOR NOW
YOU OLD GEEZER!
BUT DIS IS JUST DA
BEGINNIN'!
SO DON'T GET USED
TO DAT BODY!
Tristan: I KNOW YOU
CAN DO THIS, GUYS.
Joey, thinking:
I DON'T KNOW IF DAT METAL
CHIMP'S TRISTAN OR NOT,
BUT WE'RE GONNA
REUNITE HIM WIT HIS
BODY NO MATTER WHAT.
Yugi: IT'S MY MOVE NOW!!
AND I SUMMON GAZELLE
THE KING OF MYTHICAL
BEASTS...IN DEFENSE MODE!
AND THAT'S ALL?
NOOOW...
Crump: HOLD ON!
[CHUCKLING]
LET ME TRY GANSLEY!
BECAUSE ALL THE NUMBERS
SEEM TO POINT IN
MY FAVOR RIGHT NOW!
CRUMP, CAN'T YOU SEE
THAT I'M BUSY CRUSHING
THE COMPETITION?!?
YOU'D BE A FOOL NOT
TO LET ME TAKE CHARGE
OF THIS DUEL NOW!
DID YOU FORGET
THE SPECIAL ABILITY OF
MY NIGHTMARE PENGUIN!?
NOW GET OUT OF MY WAY!
Crump: READY!?
HIS VOICE CHANGED!
YES, THEY'VE
SWITCHED CONTROL!
CORRECT!
I'M CRUMP, THE BIG
FIVE'S ACCOUNTANT...
AND I'M AN EXPERT
IN CRUNCHING NUMBERS
AND CRUSHING MY RIVALS!
[CHUCKLES]
NOW MEET MY GOOD FRIEND
NIGHTMARE PENGUIN,
THE LAST DECK MASTER
YOU TWO WILL EVER SEE!
COME ON GUYS!
CRUSH THIS BIRD BRAIN!
I ALREADY BEAT THIS
FLIPPER-FOOTED FREAK
AND SO CAN YOU!
Crump: THESE KIDS
DON'T REALIZE THAT
THE COUNTDOWN
TO THEIR DESTRUCTION
HAS BEGUN!
AND WITH ME DOING
THE COUNTING,
THEY'LL BE OUT OF
LIFE POINTS
BEFORE THEY CAN
SAY "ANTARCTIC
ANNIHILATION!"
FOR MY DECK MASTER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
RAISES THE ATTACK
POINTS OF ALL
UNDERWATER MONSTERS!
HERE GOES!
LEGENDARY FISHERMAN, ATTACK
YUGI'S MYTHICAL BEAST NOW!
THANKS TO
THE SPECIAL ABILITY OF
MY NIGHTMARE PENGUIN,
MY FISHERMAN GETS
A 200-ATTACK-POINT BONUS!
IT'S ALL ABOUT
THE NUMBERS BOYS!
AND YOUR NUMBER'S UP!
AND NEXT, I SUMMON
CATAPULT TURTLE!
IN DEFENSE MODE!
HE PLAYED ANOTHER
FIVE-STAR MONSTER!
AND DANKS TA THAT
MAGIC CARD OF HIS
HE DIDN'T HAFTA MAKE
A SACRIFICE!!
NOT GOOD!
WE GOTTA GET RID
'A HIS LEGENDARY
OCEAN CARD
OR WE CAN SAY
GOOD BYE TO OUR
BODIES FOREVER YUGE!
Kaibo, thinking:
YUGI AND HIS FRIENDS CAN
DEAL WITH THE BIG FIVE...
I'VE GOT BIGGER PROBLEMS!
GOZABURO KAIBA ONLY
HAD ONE SON...
THAT WAS ME, SETO.
NOAH'S STORY HAS
TO BE A LIE!
HE CLAIMS THAT THE MAN WHO
ADOPTED ME IS HIS FATHER!
BUT BASED ON HIS STORY,
THAT WOULD MAKE NOAH
THE SAME AGE AS ME!
AND HE'S CLEARLY JUST
A SNOT-NOSED LITTLE KID!
I WONDER IF THE BIG FIVE
PUT THAT KID UP TO ALL THIS.
THOSE CORPORATE SLIME
BALLS WOULD DO ANYTHING
TO TAKE OVER KAIBA CORP.
BUT THEY'RE TOO
DIM-WITTED TO COME UP
WITH A SCHEME LIKE THIS!
THERE'S A PIECE
TO THIS VIRTUAL PUZZLE
THAT I STILL NEED TO FIND!
AND WHEN I DO, ALL OF THIS
NONSENSE WILL BE CLEAR!
BUT THE FIRST THING I HAVE
TO DO IS FIND MOKUBA
AND RESCUE HIM
FROM NOAH'S CONTROL
BEFORE THAT LITTLE
PUNK COMPLETELY
BRAINWASHES MY BROTHER!
THEN I'LL SHOW NOAH THAT NO
ONE DISRESPECTS MY FAMILY
AND GETS AWAY WITH IT!
Joey: A'RIGHT
BIG FIVE!
YOU BODY-SNATCHERS
BETTA GIVE BACK MY
FRIEND NOOOOW!
'CAUSE YOU'RE AAAALL
DONE!
[THINKING]
SWEET!
IT'S MY KUNAI WITH
CHAIN TRAP CARD.
DAT'S DEFINITELY
A GOOD START!
I CAN USE THIS
LITTLE BABY
TA REEL IN HIS
LEGENDARY FISHERMAN,
HOOK, LINE
AND SINKER!
NOW I PLACE ONE CARD
FACE DOWN.
THAT'S YOUR
BIG MOVE!?
I'M NOT DONE!
[THINKING]
DIS ONE'S FOR MAI!
AND NOW, I SUMMON
CYBER HARPIE!
AND NEXT... I SWITCH
ALLIGATOR'S SWORD
INTO ATTACK MODE!
AND DAT ENDS
MY TURN!
AND STARTS MINE!
[THINKING]
IT'S TIME FOR ME TO PICK
UP WHERE JOEY LEFT OFF!
THIS DOESN'T LOOK GOOD.
I DON'T HAVE ANYTHING
IN MY HAND THAT CAN STOP
HIS LEGENDARY FISHERMAN
FROM ATTACKING!
WAIT!
JOEY'S FACEDOWN CARD!
IT COULD BE MY ONLY HOPE!
FIRST I SUMMON
MYSTICAL ELF!
IN DEFENSE MODE!
NOW LET'S SEE WHAT
YOU CAN DO, CRUMP!
YOU'VE DUELED FOR
LONG ENOUGH, CRUMP!
JOHNSON...THE ODDS
ARE STILL IN MY FAVOR.
SO STAY OUTTA THIS
UNTIL I SAY SO!
AND NOOOOOOW...
SAY GOODBYE TO
YOUR MYSTICAL ELF!
BEHOLD!
LEGENDARY FISHERMAN!
DESTROY YUGI'S MONSTER
WITH HARPOON OF DOOM!
NOT SO FAST!
I ACTIVATE
MY TRAP CARD!
KUNAI WITH CHAIN!
EXCELLENT MOVE, JOEY!
HEY WHY DA LONG
FACE?
DON'T TELL ME YOU'RE
UPSET JUST BECAUSE
YOUR FISHERMAN GOT
A LITTLE TIED UP!
HERE HE COMES
RIGHT NOW!
AND DANKS
TO MY CHAIN
HE CAN'T ATTACK
WHILE MY CYBER
HARPIE GETS EVEN
MORE POWERFUL!
OH WELL, AND DINGS
WERE GOIN' SO GOOD
FOR YOU, TOO!
MAYBE NOW YOU FIVE
FREAKS KNOW WHO
YOU'RE UP AGAINST!
HOW COULD YOU LET THEM
DO THIS, CRUMP?
Johnson:
STEP ASIDE...
YOU'RE DONE!
I RAN THE NUMBERS
AND I STILL HAVE A HIGH
PERCENTAGE FOR VICTORY!
I'LL CONCLUDE BY PLACING
ONE MONSTER FACEDOWN
IN DEFENSE MODE.
AND THAT ENDS MY TURN!
WAY TA GO, GUYS!
SOON TRISTAN'LL HAVE
HIS BODY BACK!
THAT'S AWESOME!
Tristan: IT'S A GOOD
START, BUT THIS DUEL'S
FAR FROM OVER.
[MONKEY CHATTER]
UH, I THOUGHT WE TURNED
THAT MONKEY SWITCH OFF?
SO IF THAT'S REALLY YOU
STUCK INSIDE THERE TRISTAN,
THEN WHY DO YOU KEEP
MAKING ALL KINDS OF
WEIRD MONKEY NOISES?
WHATTA YOU MEAN
"MONKEY NOISES?"
[MONKEY CHATTER]
OH NO! I MUST BE
GOING APE!
THE LONGER I STAY IN
HERE, THE MORE I
FEEL LIKE
SWINGING FROM A TREE
AND SCRATCHING MY
ARMPITS!
I GOTTA GET
MY BODY BACK...
HERE WE GO AGAIN, CRUMP!
LOOK OUT!
BINGO BABY!
NOOOOOOOW!
IT'S TIME FOR ME TO
DRY UP YER OCEAN CRUMP!
WIT YET ANOTHER CARD,
COMPLIMENTS 'A MISS
MAI VALENTINE!
'CAUSE I ACTIVATE MY
HARPIE'S FEATHER DUSTER!
DIS CARD SWEEPS AWAY
EVERY MAGIC AND TRAP
CARD
ON YOUR SIDE OF
DA FIELD, INCLUDING
YOUR LEGENDARY OCEAN!
HUH?
NOW CYBER HARPIE, ATTACK
HIS LEGENDARY FISHERMAN!
OH YEAH! WATCH DIS!
ALLIGATOR'S SWORD...
ATTACK!
CATAPULT TURTLE
STILL HAS 2000
DEFENSE POINTS!
MY ATTACK WON'T DO
A THING!
OH MAN, NOW WHAT AM
I GONNA DO?
IT'S STILL MY MOVE
CRUMP,
AND I'M NOT DONE
WIPIN' DA FIELD
CLEAN
OF ALL YOUR PATHETIC
MONSTERS YET!
AND MY NEXT VICTIM
IS DAT
FACEDOWN MYSTERY
MONSTA A YOURS!
NO, JOEY! DON'T!
IT'S TOO RISKY!
RISK IS MY
MIDDLE NAME, YUGE!
SO CHECK DIS OUT!
ALLIGATOR'S SWORD, ATTACK
HIS FACEDOWN MONSTER!
YOU JUST TRIGGERED MY
MAGICIAN OF FAITH'S
SPECIAL EFFECT!
THANK YOU, WHEELER!
NOW I CAN BRING BACK
ONE MAGIC CARD!
WHAT!?
I'LL GIVE YOU ONE GUESS
WHICH CARD I CHOOSE!
TIME'S UP!
OH NO! I WAS
AFRAID 'A DAT!
A LEGENDARY
OCEAN!
SORRY ABOUT DAT
YUGI!
Crump: YOU FOOLS ARE MAKING
THIS WAY TOO EASY!
YOU'RE DEFEATING
YOURSELVES!
[CHUCKLES]
CALM DOWN CRUMP.
THIS DUEL IS STILL ON!
MY MOVE! NOW--
Crump, thinking:
SINCE MY LEGENDARY
OCEAN MAGIC CARD
IS BACK IN MY HAND
I CAN ACTIVATE IT
IN MY NEXT TURN!
THEN I'LL PLAY
MONSTER REBORN
AND BRING BACK MY
LEGENDARY FISHERMAN!
IT ALL ADDS UP!
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK
WHERE I WAS BEFORE!
ON THE ROAD TO FREEDOM
WITH A BRAND NEW BODY
TO ESCAPE IN!
MY CHANCES OF SUCCESS
ARE 99 PERCENT!
ALL RIGHT CRUMP.
NOW...IT'S ABOUT TIME
SOMEONE PUT YOU IN
YOUR PLACE.
GO AHEAD!
I'LL PLAY KURIBOH
IN DEFENSE MODE.
NEXT I'LL ACTIVATE
CARD DESTRUCTION!
TOO BAD!
NOW WE MUST THROW
AWAY ALL OUR CARDS
WHICH MEANS YOUR
LEGENDARY OCEAN CARD
IS GONE AGAIN!
AWESOME!
I KNEW I COULD
COUNT ON YOU, YUGI!
NOW, IT'S TIME FOR ALL
OF US TO RE-DRAW
A BRAND NEW HAND...
RIGHT CRUMP!
Yugi:
I'M THROUGH FOR NOW.
ALL RIGHT, YOU BRATS!
YOU'VE DONE
ENOUGH CRUMP.
IT'S TIME TO LAY A LITTLE
JUDGMENT ON THESE FOOLS!
CRUMP HAS BEEN
DISMISSED KIDS.
THEY SWITCHED AGAIN!
THOSE OLD DUDES ARE
PASSIN' AROUND MY BODY
LIKE IT'S GOIN'
OUTTA STYLE!
THAT'S THEIR PLAN.
AND THAT'S WHY
THEY'RE WINNING!
HUH?
YA SEE, THIS DUEL IS
BEGINNING TO TAKE
ITS TOLL ON YUGI
AND JOEY!
BUT THE BIG FIVE KEEP
ROTATING PLAYERS TO
KEEP THEMSELVES FRESH!
THIS ISN'T GONNA
BE EASY!
TIME TO BRING YOU
TO JUSTICE!
IN CASE YOU DON'T ALREADY
KNOW, THE NAME'S JOHNSON,
LEGAL EXPERT
OF THE BIG FIVE.
AND MY FIRST ORDER
OF BUSINESS IS
TO CLEAR THE FIELD
OF THIS PENGUIN
IF YOU DON'T MIND!
MEET JUDGE MAN!
WHERE ARE YOU?!
MOKUBA!!
I KNOW YOU'RE OUT THERE!
CAN YOU HEAR ME?!
MOKUBA!
HEAR THAT?
IT SOUNDS LIKE YOUR
SO CALLED BROTHER
IS CALLING FOR YOU.
DO YOU WANT TO
ANSWER HIM, MOKUBA?
NO.
NOAH IS THE ONLY
BROTHER I HAVE.
Kaiba, thinking:
THIS NOAH KID IS
TRYING MY PATIENCE.
IF HE HAS SOME SORT OF
GRUDGE AGAINST ME,
HE SHOULD HAVE THE GUTS
TO STAND UP TO ME FACE TO FACE.
BUT CAPTURING MY DEFENSELESS
BROTHER AND HIDING HIM IN
THIS VIRTUAL LABYRINTH
ONLY SHOWS WHAT
A SPINELESS COWARD
NOAH REALLY IS.
IT CAN'T BE!
THAT BUILDING...
IT'S...MY DESIGN!
BUT I'VE NEVER SHOWN THOSE
BLUEPRINTS TO ANYONE!
HOW COULD NOAH HAVE
RECREATED IT!?
WHO IS THIS KID!?